java c
N1596 
ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUNDS 
Assessment Period: December 2024 (A1) Please answer, after carrying out research on suitable investment strategies, investment funds,   investment   trusts   or   ETFs,   the   questions   below.   Your   answers   should   be   brief   and   provide   a   clear   recommendation for the    best investment strategy, fund, investment trust or ETF, with a short   explanation for your choice.   Before you   make your   recommendation,   please:
(a)      consider the current   macroeconomic environment across the world
(b)    think about which   region or   countries   are   likely to   dowell   in   the   next   5   to   10   years;   and
(c)      consider   major   investment themes that were discussed   in   the   module.
Please also read   “Further guidance on writing your report”   (see below) before you write your answers.   You   must answer all   questions.
PART A (30 MARKS) 
1.  Real Estate (8 marks) 
Identify three suitable investment products (an investment fund, trust or ETF) that invest in real estate   and   recommend one   product that you think would   be   the   best choice.The   funds,   or   investment   trusts   or   ETFs   should   be   listed   in   London   or   should   be   accessible   by   a   UK   investor, and should relate to supertrends we explored. The reasons for your recommendation should   be explained and include a comparison between the funds or investment trusts or   ETFs you   identified.
2. Infrastructure (8 marks) Identify three suitable   investment   products   (which could   bean   investment fund,   an   investment trust   or   ETF)   that   invest   in   infrastructure   and   recommend   one   product   that   you   think   would   be   the   best   choice.   This   can   include   infrastructure   debt,   infrastructure   for   technology   e.g.   telecommunication   towers,   broadband   infrastructure etc as well as   infrastructure for   health,   defence, transport   etc.The   funds,   or   investment   trusts   or   ETFs   should   be   listed   in   London   or   should   be   accessible   by   a   UK   investor. The   reasons for your   recommendation should   be   explained   and   could   include, for   example,   cost, fees,   performance,   industries or   regions or types of   infrastructure   in   which the   fund   invests   etc.   Your   reasons should include a comparison   between funds or   investment trusts   or   ETFs   you   identified.
Before   answering   this   question,   you   might   find   it   helpful   to   listen   to   Goldman   Sachs’s   podcast   on   Infrastructure          Investing          (available          at https://www.goldmansachs.com/insights/goldman-sachs- exchanges/02-29-24-infrastructure-teresa-mattamouros. A   transcript   of   the   podcast   is   available   at https://www.goldmansachs.com/pdfs/insights/podcasts/episodes/02-29-24-infrastructure-teresa- mattamourous/transcript.pdfand   is   also   available   on   Canvas)
3. Alternative Investment strategies (8 marks) PSP, one of Canada’s   largest   pension funds   (website   investpsp.com)   with   around   CAD250bn   in   assets   has       a       portfolio       of       investments       across       alternatives       including       15%       in       private       equity,         13%       in   infrastructure,   10%   in   real   estate,   9%   in   credit   investments   and   5%   in   natural   resources..   Which two of these asset classes   do you   consider would   perform. the   best   irrespective   of   market   conditions,   and   why?   Please explain   in detail the   reasons for your choices.
4. Shipping, Aviation or Transportation (6 marks) 
Identify one investment   product   (an   investment   fund,   trust   or   ETF)   that   invests   in   shipping,   aviation   or other transportation,   keeping   in   mind the super trends we explored.   Give   reasons   for your   choice.
PART B (30 MARKS) 
5. Thematic ETF (30 marks) 
Identify three thematic   ETFs that you think offer   the   most   promising   opportunities   for   investors.   The   ETFs should   be   listed   in   London or   be accessible   by a   UK   inve代 写N1596 ALTERNATIVE INVESTMENT FUNDSSQL
代做程序编程语言stor.   Give   reasons   for your   choice.
Before   answering this   question, you   might find   it   helpful   to   review thematic   ETF   related   publications   of   banks and   investment   managers,   including:
•          Legal                                              General https://www.lgim.com/en-fi/adviser-wealth/capabilities/our-etf- range/thematics/, 
•          BlackRockhttps://www.ishares.com/uk/professional/en/themes/thematic-investing, 
•          Deutsche      Bank https://etf.dws.com/en-gb/knowledge/focus-topics/future-trends-investing- in-xtrackers-thematic-etfs/, 
•          State      Street   Global   Advisers https://www.ssga.com/us/en/intermediary/capabilities/invest- thematically-in-new-economy-etfsand
•          Global X, the investment unit of   Mirae Asset,a South   Korean asset   manager   which   has   several   investment   themes-based   ETFshttps://www.globalxetfs.com/thematic-growth-etfs/ 
PART C (40 MARKS) 
6. Supertrend and Reflective Analysis (40 marks) Identify one supertrend or megatrend that you think will   be the most   promising to   follow   for the   next   20   to   40   years.   Explain   the   reasons   for   your   choice,   in   detail,   and   identify two products   (a   fund,   an   investment trust   or   ETF) which   allows   an   investor to   invest   in your   chosen trend. You   cannot   select   a   trend that is covered   by another question in this   paper. This question   allows you to   demonstrate your   broader   research and   reading   in the   investment sector.

Please   also   explain   how your   understanding   of   investment choices   has   altered over the course   of the   workshops, what   process you   now   follow to   make   investment   choices,   what   documents you   review,   as   well   as   what   surprised   you   the   most   about,   or   was   the   most   interesting   aspect   about,   the   topics   that we   discussed   during the   module. This question   allows you to   reflect   on   how   your   understanding   of and assessment of investment structures   has   developed   over   the   course   of the   module.Further guidance on writing your report
Word count: Maximum of 2000 words. This is a maximum. Your report can be shorter.For   Q1,   Q2,   Q3   and   Q4   you   should   aim   to   answer   each   question   with   about   250   words.   For   Q5   your   answer   should   be   longer   and   more   detailed,   around   350   words   while   for   Q6   around   650   words   are   suggested. These are suggestions - as   long as the   overall   is   within   2000   words,   it   is   acceptable.
Graphs/charts: You do   not   need to   include any graphs,   diagrams   or charts   of   performance.
Figures/tables: You can include a summary table of fees or performance for your recommended funds   or   investment   products. Any figures or tables will   not   be   included   in the word count.
Performance: You   must   include   performance details/returns for the funds that you discuss   in   Q1-3.Style. of report: Be   brief. The 2000 word   limit is a maximum. Your   report can   be   much   shorter.   For   Q1,   Q2 and Q3   please answer   in the format   of   the   table   below   (using   the   example   of   Q1).   For   Q4,   Q5   and   Q6 there   is   no   need for a table; a   paragraph for Q4   will   be   sufficient.   However, for   Q5   and   Q6,   a   more   detailed answer will   be expected, with Q6   being the   longest   answer.
Q1 Strategies Strategy/Funds identified: 1. ABC Fund 2. DEF Investment Trust 3. GHI ETF Recommended    Strategy/ Fund: ABC Fund Reasons for recommendation: First, performance: ABC has returned X% over the last [5] years whereas the XYZ fund has returned Y%. Second, fees: XYZ has a performance fee of x% while ABC has no such fee etc Third,… etc etc Fourth, etc etc. Bibliography/References: Please   list   the   resources/websites   you   used   to   select   your   choices.   This   does   not   need   to   be   on   a   question-by-question   basis.   Your   final   page   can   simply   list   resources   you   referred to.



         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
